The Admin Bundle is an event based library. When an  admin route is called, an Admin objects based on the yaml defined 
configuration is build. The Admin object is responsible to dispatch events to handle forms, entities, persistence...

## How To Use
First, you need to create entities. The "simplest" way is to use Doctrine ORM entities. If you do not know how to use
Doctrine to create entities, read the [Symfony documentation](https://symfony.com/doc/current/doctrine.html). 

For the example, we  use a simple Article entity.
```php

namespace App\Entity;

class Article {
    private $id;
    private $ntitle;
    private $content;
    private $date;
    private $isPublished;
    
    // Getters and setters...
}
```

To have a CRUD to manage our articles, we need to add some configuration :
```yaml
    // config/packages/lag_admin.yaml
    
    lag_admin:
        admins:
            # The admin name can be anything, but it should be unique
            article:
                # The fully qualified path to the entity
                entity: App\Entity\Article
                actions:
                    create: ~
                    edit: ~
                    list: ~
                    delete: ~
```
This is the basic configuration to have CRUD views.
```
    Note : as some routes has been generated, you may need to clear the cache to see the modifications.
    USe the follwoing command to clear the cache "bin/console cache:clear"
```

At this point, you can go to the url `/admin/articles` to see a paginated list of your articles. By default, the `id`
column has a link to go to the edit form of each article. As the `create` action is enabled, a `Create` button is 
displayed to the top menu. As the `delete` action is enabled, a `Delete` button is displayed at the end of each row.

 




## Admin
An Admin is an object containing required data to build CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) routes to manage an entity. 
An admin object is created when an Admin is called. It is create from the parameters (`_admin`)
presents in the request attributes. The Admin object handles the request, then load the 
corresponding Action. Once the Action is loaded, the Admin load entities according to the Action
configuration.

## Actions
Actions are created when the `AdminEvents::HANDLE_REQUEST` is dispatched. 
